Improve helm documentation (#523)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/add-ons/helm.md

RKE2 does not require any special configuration to use with Helm command-line tools. Just be sure you have properly set up your kubeconfig as per the section about [cluster access](../cluster_access.md). RKE2 does include some extra functionality to make deploying both traditional Kubernetes resource manifests and Helm Charts even easier with the [rancher/helm-release CRD.](#using-the-helm-crd)

## Using the Helm Controller

The [HelmChart Custom Resource](https://github.com/k3s-io/helm-controller#helm-controller) captures most of the options you would normally pass to the `helm` command-line tool.

### HelmChart Field Definitions

:::note
The `name` field should follow the Helm chart naming conventions, in addition to Kubernetes rules for [object names and IDs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/). Refer to the [Helm Best Practices documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/conventions/#chart-names) to learn more.
:::

> | Field | Default | Description | Helm Argument / Flag Equivalent |

Reviewer: Might also link to https://github.com/k3s-io/helm-controller/blob/master/doc/helmchart.md#HelmChart for the full docs; this table is a handy reference but not quite as comprehensive as the auto-generated API docs.

Author: yep

| spec.backOffLimit | 1000 | Specify the number of retries before considering a job failed. | |
| spec.timeout | 300s | Timeout for Helm operations, as a [duration string](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) (`300s`, `10m`, `1h`, etc) | `--timeout` |
| spec.failurePolicy | reinstall | Set to `abort` which case the Helm operation is aborted, pending manual intervention by the operator. | |
| spec.authSecret | | Reference to Secret of type `kubernetes.io/basic-auth` holding Basic auth credentials for the Chart repo. | |
| spec.authPassCredentials | false | Pass Basic auth credentials to all domains. | `--pass-credentials` |
| spec.dockerRegistrySecret | | Reference to Secret of type `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson` holding Docker auth credentials for the OCI-based registry acting as the Chart repo. | |
| spec.set |   | Override simple Chart values. These take precedence over options set via valuesContent. | `--set` / `--set-string` |
| spec.valuesContent |   | Override complex Chart values via inline YAML content | `--values` |
| spec.valuesSecrets |   | Override complex Chart values via references to external Secrets | `--values` |

:::note 

> We recommend using `failurePolicy=abort` for complex helm charts (e.g. Rancher) or for CNI plugins during upgrades. While the default `reinstall` policy is effective for general applications, it can be disruptive for certain critical infrastructure components. During an upgrade failure, it triggers an automatic uninstallation before attempting a fresh install. This uninstallation can tear down networking or delete critical CRDs, leading to cluster-wide disruption. Using abort ensures the existing version remains in place, allowing for manual troubleshooting without service loss.

Reviewer: Users are going to ask why we don't set this as the default failure policy on these charts, if we recommend it. I might tone down the language here to suggest it only if users have set configuration outside the chart values, rather than recommending it outright.

```suggestion
Consider setting `failurePolicy: abort` for complex helm charts (e.g. Rancher) or for CNI plugins during upgrades. While the default `reinstall` policy is effective for general applications, it can be disruptive for certain critical infrastructure components. The default failure policy triggers an automatic uninstall and reinstall of the chart if the Helm upgrade operation is interrupted and the chart release is stuck in a pending state. This uninstallation can tear down networking or delete critical CRDs, leading to cluster-wide disruption. Setting the policy to `abort` ensures the failed chart release is left in place for manual troubleshooting, potentially avoiding further disruption.
```

Author: good point

```

You can find all the packaged Helm charts including their documentation and default values in the [RKE2 charts repository](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/tree/main/charts).

:::warning
There can only be one `HelmChartConfig` resource per component / namespace tuple. Applying a second `HelmChartConfig` will overwrite the existing one

> :::

Reviewer: Do we need this? It should be obvious that there can only be one resource with a given namespace/name. This is how Kubernetes works.

Author: ok
